DIRECTIONS
Lay the flank steak in a large glass baking dish. In a medium bowl, whisk 
together the vinegar, soy sauce, 4 cloves of garlic, juice of two limes 
and olive oil. Season with salt, black pepper, white pepper, garlic 
powder, chili powder, oregano, cumin and paprika. Whisk until well 
blended, then pour over the steak in the dish. Turn over once to coat both 
sides. Cover with plastic wrap, and marinate for 1 to 8 hours.
NOW THE ONION RELISH: In a small bowl, stir together 1 chopped white 
onion, cilantro and the juice of 1 lime. Set aside to use as a relish for 
the tacos.
FOR THE PUREED CHILE SALSA: Heat a skillet over medium-high heat. Toast 
chile pods in the skillet for a few minutes, and then remove to a bowl of 
water to soak for about 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 
degrees C).
Place the tomatoes, 1 onion, jalapenos and 4 cloves of garlic onto a 
baking sheet. Roast in the oven for about 20 minutes, until toasted but 
not burnt. Place the roasted vegetables and soaked chile pods into a 
blender or food processor, along with salt and pepper. Puree until smooth.
Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cut the 
marinated flank steak into cubes or strips. Cook, stirring constantly, 
until the meat is cooked through and most of the liquid has evaporated.
Warm the tortillas in a skillet for about a minute on each side to make 
them pliable. Tortillas may also be warmed in a microwave oven. Arrange 
two or three tortillas on a plate and lay a generous amount of beef over 
them. Top with a sprinkle of the onion relish and a large spoonful of the 
pureed salsa. Add as much cheese as you like. Garnish with lime wedges and 
serve.
